Slow down, there's still a baby in the belly
Does Seventh Master know you are so horny? Yes, he knows
Uh-huh.
What's your trouble?
I don't know what's wrong.
I've been bored lately
He was sick.
It's all that wind sucking blood
It must be him.
When he comes back, he needs to be cleaned up
Time is running out
We have to hurry down so no one else can find us
You go down first
I'll be down in a while
Boss Huang, you have accepted this betrothal gift.
When will your daughter Feng Xinxue be handed over to me?
You treat us as royalty
Hey, oops.
What did Master Huang say?
Since Master Qin came
Master Huang, you are at your peak
But
Xiaoxue that child
He doesn't listen to me.
There's nothing I can do.
Yes, yes, yes.
My sister, he was deceived by the bridge
He is crazy
I don't care.
I just want people
When the bridge insulted Lord Qin that day
Feng Xixue is standing next to it
I'm here today to ask for an explanation.
Uh, haha, don't worry.
I will definitely give this to my dear master.
Uh, there is another explanation for you, haha.
Dad, do you still have the face to come back?
It's you boy